[Telemetry] Add documentation about Application Usage (#70624)
elastic/kibana: src/plugins/kibana_usage_collection/server/collectors/application_usage/README.md

# Application Usage

This collector reports the number of general clicks and minutes on screen for each registered application in Kibana.

The final payload matches the following contract:

```JSON
{
  "application_usage": {
    "application_ID": {
        "clicks_7_days": 10,
        "clicks_30_days": 100,
        "clicks_90_days": 300,
        "clicks_total": 600,
        "minutes_on_screen_7_days": 10.40,
        "minutes_on_screen_30_days": 20.0,
        "minutes_on_screen_90_days": 110.1,
        "minutes_on_screen_total": 112.5
    }
  }
}
```

Where `application_ID` matches the `id` registered when calling the method `core.application.register`.
This collection occurs by default for every application registered via the mentioned method and there is no need to do anything else to enable it or _opt-in_ for your plugin.

> **Note to maintainers in the Kibana repo:** At the moment of writing, the `usageCollector.schema` is not updated automatically ([#70622](https://github.com/elastic/kibana/issues/70622)) so, if you are adding a new app to Kibana, you might want to give the Kibana Telemetry team a heads up to update the mappings in the Telemetry Cluster accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note to maintainers in the Kibana repo:** At the moment of writing, the `usageCollector.schema` is not updated automatically ([#70622](https://github.com/elastic/kibana/issues/70622)) so, if you are adding a new app to Kibana, you'll need to give the Kibana Telemetry team a heads up to update the mappings in the Telemetry Cluster accordingly.
```

## Developer notes

In order to keep the count of the events, this collector uses 2 Saved Objects:

1. `application_usage_transactional`: It stores each individually reported event (up to 90 days old). Grouped by `timestamp` and `appId`.
2. `application_usage_totals`: It stores the sum of all the events older than 90 days old per `appId`.

> Both of them use the shared fields `appId: 'keyword'`, `numberOfClicks: 'long'` and `minutesOnScreen: 'float'` (`application_usage_transactional` also stores `timestamp: { type: 'date' }`),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both of them use the shared fields `appId: 'keyword'`, `numberOfClicks: 'long'` and `minutesOnScreen: 'float'`. `application_usage_transactional` also stores `timestamp: { type: 'date' }`.
```
